= Generate and run a simple twitter application with ajax

== Resources

	http://www.noupe.com/ajax/create-a-simple-twitter-app.html

== Introduction

This example is based on this tutorial.

	"A Simple Twitter App with Ruby on Rails – Messages With Ajax" Part 1
	From: http://www.noupe.com/ajax/create-a-simple-twitter-app.html

The tutorial uses Rails 2.x. Here, the application has been converted to Rails 3.

Three examples are based on this tutorial.

	016_twitter
	017_twitter_ajax
	018_twitter_css

== Execution

Generate and run the example.

	cd   017_twitter_ajax
	bash 001_install_gems.sh
	bash 002_new_app.sh
	bash 003_reset_database.sh
	bash 004_rails_server.sh

Delete the database, files and gemset.

	bash 999_clean.sh

== ISSUE 

Adding a new post was not using ajax. This form_tag was the problem.

form_tag(:controller => "posts", :action => "create", :remote => "true") do

WARNING: Do not use the above. It does not work.

=== SOLUTION 1: This is used in 017_twitter_ajax

http://stackoverflow.com/questions/3507551/remote-form-tag-in-rails3-without-a-named-route

The only way I found to do it is to wrap the url parameters in the url_for method.

form_tag url_for(:action => :create, :id => @artist.id), :remote => true do 

However, if you need to the pass the method parameter you might need to wrap that and the remote in parentheses.

=== SOLUTION 2: This is used on 018_twitter_css

From the same stackoverflow link

Here's what you need:

form_tag( { :controller => :magic, :action => :search, :method => post }, { :remote => true } ) do ....

Its sort of a bad design, but the Rails form_tag methods require TWO hashes - the url_for options hash, and the regular options hash. This has generated much confusion for many Rails programmers. If you don't add the delineating hash boundaries, all of the options get passed to url_for(), ruining the :remote => true.

This will add data-remote="true" to your form (to be used with unobtrusive javascript, as others have mentioned). From there you need to create the appropriate AJAX to binding to do the request.

Though really you should be using a named route like magic_search_path instead of the controller/action parameters.
